Romany people in many parts of the world are subject to prejudice and discrimination.
But in the summer of 2017, they for the first time ever experienced a regional convention in their own language.
Delegates from 12 different countries came to Macedonia to attend the convention.
The program was presented in the Romany languages spoken in Macedonia, Bulgaria and Serbia.
Since 2007, Bible literature has been translated into Romany in Macedonia,
and the release of the book Lessons You Can Learn from the Bible
brought great joy to both the many children and their parents.
This convention was truly a witness that Jehovah is the God of impartial love.
I never thought that we would have a convention in Romany.
It tends to directly into your heart when you hear it in your own language.
We could hardly wait for this Romany convention and especially the songs that touched our hearts.
In the world, not all kinds of people are loved, but for Jehovah, they are all significant.
And I am happy that I am serving a God who is so impartial and to whom all nations are the same.